Update security-file.mdx (#17016)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/security-center/infrastructure/security-file.mdx

Fill in the following information:

- **(Required) Contact**: You can enter one of the following to contact you about security issues:

>   - An email address: The email address must start with `mailto:` (e.g. `mailto:help@example.com`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - An email address: The email address must start with `mailto:` (for example, `mailto:help@example.com`).
```
